Oh
you
hey youtube Reagan Franklin and I got a
spicy snack review you guys asked me to
do this
Phoebe did this is a David's hot and
spicy flavor sunflower seeds I had
trouble finding them if I've seen it
yesterday so I grabbed them all right
let's see here
ingredients sunflower seeds so soybean
oil less than 2% this is natural and
artificial flavors I don't see anything
about spices it's artificial all right
yeah total fat 16 Scott 125 milligrams
of sodium huh all right she's actually
expired with my birthday February 3rd
that's that's travel I'm so hung out of
the guys I finished his damn tattoo you
see it it's seven hours straight of
drilling him my arm just done not gonna
work about three hours flex okay after
that I'm gonna tell you I'm a big fan of
sunflower seed so I have high hopes for
this like barbecue that's really don't
smell spicy and they're not really a
season that great
safe shot one at a time it is
which a couple and a handful
how's Grossman
I don't want to crack them right now
honestly these really aren't spicy what
a shocker right big company doesn't know
how to do spice especially when they're
going to use artificial spices and
whatever for their seasonings and
honestly the flavor is not that great my
high hopes are down in the drain now on
flavor I'll leave it up one I'll play
eat them just because I like sunflower
seeds but uh yeah it sucked he seemed to
get zero I'm not gonna give it a five
point five we do like a really big
handful
chipmunk
no you guys you suck you suck
SATs up oh well I tried until next time
keep it spicy I got a little squirrel
cheek my cheek I guess how's it
going
don't waste your money on these